Add "Configure a notification to report on inactive intake" (#658)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/intakes.md

!!! Note
    The documentation about the integration of your data sources is also available in the [integrations](integrations/index.md) page.
    
## Configure a notification to report on inactive intake
You can be notify when an intake stops sending events to SEKOIA.IO. 
To set up your notification, you will have to: 

1. Go on Intakes pages and click on:  ![Notification logo](/assets/operation_center/intakes/Monitor_intake_logo.png){: style="max-width:20%"} 
2. Specify how long the intake should be inactive before sending a notification.

> 3. Choose how you want to be notified. Triggers action available are mentioned is this page [Turn on notifications](notifications.md). You can also set up your notification from the user center>notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select how you want to be notified. Triggered actions that are available are mentioned in the page [Turn on notifications](/getting_started/notifications/#triggered-actions.md). 

!!! note
     You can also set up this notification from the User Center > Notifications by selecting the trigger `No events are received`. 
```
